[WIP]: Make a `default(Conversion)` be `Exists == false` (#84628)
dotnet/roslyn: docs/Breaking API Changes.md

### Changes in `Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Emit.SemanticEdit` constructors

The value of `preserveLocalVariables` passed to the constructors is no longer used.

> # Version 5.10.0

Reviewer: I think the next version this will be in is 5.11.0

> ### Change of a `default` value of `Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Conversion`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Changed the `default` value of `Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Conversion`
```

> The `default` value of `Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Conversion` struct now returns `false` for all boolean properties. Previously such value had `Exists` and `IsExplicit` properties return `true`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `default` value of `Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Conversion` struct now returns `false` for all boolean properties. Previously the `Exists` and `IsExplicit` properties returned `true`:
```

> The `default` value of `Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Conversion` struct now returns `false` for all boolean properties. Previously such value had `Exists` and `IsReference` properties return `true`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `default` value of `Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Conversion` struct now returns `false` for all boolean properties. Previously such value had `Exists` and `IsExplicit` properties return `true`:
```

Author: I have no idea how my brain broke so hard to mix up properties like this...

```cs
using System;
using Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp;

var conv = default(Conversion);
Console.WriteLine(conv.Exists); // Previously was 'True', now 'False'

> Console.WriteLine(conv.IsExplicit); // Previously was 'True', now 'False'

Reviewer: Do we have a test demonstrating this behavior?
